I dug my heels into the gravel as evidence for you to unravel
If you’re reading this, remember: AI doesn’t have a soul, but you do. Go make proof of it.
Lord I’m five hundred miles from my home
And one day I’m gonna grow wings…
I don’t know why you’re here. But know that you’re a wonder to the world. I’m proud of you.
Be kind to yourself friend. I know you’ve been through a lot, and it’s going to be okay.
If you’ve survived till now, take this as a sign. Live a little.
Your choices, Clark, Your actions; that’s what makes you who you are. I couldn’t be… more proud of you.
Maybe that’s the real punkrock 
I don't need to be remembered, I just want the world to be a little better off for me having lived in it than not
Your garden isn't thriving because every time a flower blooms, you cut it to prove to someone else that you're a gardener.
It's hard to turn the page when you know someone won't be on the next chapter, but the story must go on.
If familiarity guaranteed safety, then water wouldn’t boil the fish.
Maybe we are just stardust pretending to be people.
And maybe heartbreak is proof that the stardust remembers what it means to be light, even when it’s stuck in the dark.
Forgetting means letting go of the space they were never meant to fill.
You are not condemned by the outcome.
The price of loving someone very much is never loving anyone again.
You like someone because, but you love someone despite
Every idol is as much as a god as you want it to be.
How strange it is to be anything at all.
If a flower bloomed in the wrong season, will you call it a failure or a miracle?
oh to be in the presence of something that makes everything around it look dull
Profound thought doesn’t have to come from high places. The gutter looks at the stars too.
I suppose success and defeat can look the same in a mirror
They asked me why we travel so much. Me, an introvert. A shut in. A justified question as I never wanted to see the world, l just found the person I want to show it to.
To understand our past, to sustain our present, and to know our future
One life is very less, so don’t waste your time
Every atom in your body has already lived a longer, wilder life than you ever will. What’s your excuse to not live the way you love?
Consider how hard it is to change yourself, and you’ll understand how foolish it is to think you can change someone else.
You have to keep your sane, atleast for the people you love. It’ll get better, I promise.
Trying to be someone else, is a waste of the person you are.
To help, is a choice and not a trade. Expect nothing in return.
Even after everything you’ve done… I would have saved you.
It's not about where you was born, or what powers you have, or what you wear on your chest. It's about what you do... It's about action.
There is a superhero in all of us, we just need the courage to put on the cape.
You're much stronger than you think you are. Trust me.
Sometimes, just getting out of bed and facing the world is the most heroic thing you can do.
It's a big world, friend. Full of folks trying to find their way. Best we can do is give 'em a hand when they trip, and hope they do the same for us.
You're going to change the world, friend. Even if you choose to be a farmer or a writer, you're going to change it just by being in it.